add item for runAsUser and acl (#89)
beclab/docs: docs/developer/develop/package/manifest.md

Every **Olares Application Chart** should include a `OlaresManifest.yaml` file in the root directory. `OlaresManifest.yaml` provides all the essential information about an Olares App. Both the **Olares Market protocol** and the Olares depend on this information to distribute and install applications.

:::info NOTE
Latest Olares Manifest Version: `0.8.2`

>   - Add a `runAsUser` option to force the app run under user `1000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add a `runAsUser` option to force the app run under `uid 1000` 
```

- Type: `string`

> Your app title that appears in the Olares Market. It can be up to `30` characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The title of your app title shown in the Olares Market.  Must be within `30` characters.
```

## Entrances

> Specify how to access this app, at least `1` required. It is up to `10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of entrances through which to access the app.  You must specify at least 1 access method, with a maximum of 10 allowed.
```

| secret.infisical | v1 | secret | CreateSecret, RetrieveSecret
| secret.vault | v1 | key | List, Info, Sign

## TailscaleAcls
- Type: `map`
- Optional

> Allow applications add ACL(Access Control Lists) in Tailscale to open specified ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow applications to add Access Control Lists (ACL) in Tailscale to open specified ports.
```

:::info Example
```Yaml
tailscaleAcls:
- proto: tcp
  dst:
  - "*:4557"

> - proto: "" # Optional, if not specified, all supported protocols will be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- proto: "" # Optional. If not specified, all supported protocols will be allowed.
```

  upgradeDescription:
```

### supportArch
- Optional
- Type: `list<string>`
- Accepted Value: `amd64`, `arm64`

> This field is used to specify the CPU architecture supported by the application. Only `amd64` and `arm64` architectures are supported for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field specifies the CPU architecture supported by the application. Currently only `amd64` and `arm64` are supported.
```

:::info Example
```yaml
spec:
  supportArch:
  - amd64
  - arm64
```
:::

:::info NOTE
Olares does not support mixed-architecture clusters for now.
:::

### onlyAdmin
- Optional
- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

When set to `true`, only the admin can install this app.

### runAsUser
- Optional
- Type: `boolean`

> When set to `true`, the Olares system enforces the application to run under the user ID `1000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, Olares enforces the application to run under user ID `1000` (as a non-root user).
```

  upgradeDescription:
```

### supportArch
- Type: `list<string>`
- Accepted Value: `amd64`, `arm64`
- Optional

> This field specifies the CPU architecture supported by the application. Currently only `amd64` and `arm64` are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the CPU architecture supported by the application. Currently only `amd64` and `arm64` are available.
```

:::info Example
```yaml
spec:
  supportArch:
  - amd64
  - arm64
```
:::

:::info NOTE
Olares does not support mixed-architecture clusters for now.
:::

### onlyAdmin
- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`
- Optional

When set to `true`, only the admin can install this app.

### runAsUser
- Type: `boolean`
- Optional

> When set to `true`, Olares enforces the application to run under user ID `1000` (as a non-root user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, Olares forces the application to run under user ID `1000` (as a non-root user).
```
